go hey everybody at saster i am here
with
one of our good friends and my good
friends
for me since almost inception and sas
and for you guys since the early days of
sasser sam blonde
um now chief sales officer at brex uh
one of the great innovators in in
finance
um and before that um
head of revenue stints at flexport
rainforest benefits and others and going
dating ourselves of going back in time
the rockstar pretty much everything at
adobe signed an echo sign
and i really wanted to bring someone
back a good friend to talk about what's
happening in sales
post covid right i mean we're coming out
of this we're coming out of this the
vaccines are going out
um texas is for better or worse at 100
capacity
and we've been selling we've been
selling from home for a year haven't we
sam
it it's crazy to think about it it was
sort of like
january february 2020 is over
but it is it's now been here um since
all of this started
um and and crazy to think about that and
thank you for having me jason
awesome to see you and uh excited to be
here so
so much i want to learn but let's let's
start off with some framing like
how much of your sales team today have
you hired since covid and how many of
them have you met
uh so we've hired we're accelerating
hiring
we uh slowed down in
a lot of 2020 when we were just figuring
out especially on the go to market side
just figuring out like what what is the
impact of
uh covet and all this stuff and we we
make a lot of money on credit card spend
and so it's reasonable to think
credit card spend would come down given
things that you think about when people
spend on
credit cards it's travel and it's
restaurants and it's all these things
that
sort of disappeared that said um our
revenue did the opposite of what we were
a little bit concerned about which was
accelerate
because the spaces that we're selling
into are tech and e-commerce and these
companies that spend a lot on things
like
software and servers and ads and things
that a bunch more money is coming into
today
yeah hiring um so it's accelerated in
uh 2021. um the folks
that we have hired since covet began in
the sales organization i don't think
i've met a single one of them
um in person of course met net over
not even a manager not even a manager
for a walk and talk or anything like
that
you know so we've made we do a lot of
internal manager promotions
we gotta do uh an external manager hired
it's actually somebody that we brought
back
former former brexit employee that we
rehired her she's
she's great her name's maddie um so i
have met her in person despite the fact
that she was sort of a
a post-covered leadership higher um and
uh so you know let's say we maybe made
20 hires met all of them uh over
zoom um and none in person and uh
it it seems to be going well but i know
we'll go we'll go deep into a bunch of
these sort of subtopics
got it and so and i want to go to the
top okay but so so you've
you you there was a brief slow down it
seemed crazy but
then brax is on fire because your
customers are in tech and e-commerce
right the two the two biggest
beneficiaries of kovid
um and i think i think
enrique moved to moved out of san
francisco too right the founders of
brexit are gone are you going back to
the office are you going to go back to
to floors of endless aes and sdrs like
in the zenefits in other days so we go
are we ever going back to floors of aes
in san francisco
lots to unpack i think um so
rex sort of specific we made the
decision very early on
i think it's it's really paid off for us
we made the decision very early on
that we are going to go fully remote
even
after um covetings yep
so um that allowed us very early let's
say back in the sort of like
june or july time frame of last year to
begin hiring
anywhere at least in the united states
is primarily where we're focused
and how do we you know sort of um him
didn't haunt about the decision and not
really made our mind up it would have
it would have forced us to continue
hiring where we have office locations
so we are fully remote you you eluded
pedro and regate they're taking
advantage of it so they
they now live in los angeles um our
head of product moved to austin
i have uh my my head of sales
development she moved to dallas
um and people in the company are moving
all around
um and one of the things that you and i
just caught up on there seems to be
one theme and that is uh lots of good
weather
so you know sort of like florida
southern california
texas mostly warm weather states i'm not
seeing a lot of
new addresses in minnesota
got it and do you even care where hires
live now is it relevant at all to the
hiring process
um interestingly uh yes we have a
we have a bias towards new hires that
actually aren't
in san francisco new york
los angeles what we categorize as tier
one cities because
there's cost savings associated with
hiring people
in uh lower cost locations so um
of these new hires that we've made lots
of them
do come from uh non-san francisco new
york
type places and you mentioned one thing
that i forgot to
touch on it was this sort of like are
the days of
sort of like endless rows of sdrs and
sales reps within
uh san francisco are those over um
i think probably uh probably like never
say never
and the reason i think probably i think
this just accelerated
something that was already starting to
happen which was
oftentimes companies would start in san
francisco founding team would be there
you start growing
and then when you really reach a point
where you're scaling and you have
a a process in place you then sort of
outsource and open up
a second location in a lower cost city
so zinovitz did it in phoenix
rex had done it in salt lake city and so
what you've got in san francisco are
like the sales forces of the world and
maybe the
these companies that uh grew to be
really big a long time ago
but i don't know that there are examples
of more recent companies
that are hiring that way in san
francisco anymore
so let me let me go back to a point you
made about
tier two cities being more cost
effective and
i'd like to understand what you've
learned on the one hand that makes
intuitive sense right you have to pay
people more
in san francisco both both because of
cost of living and competition on the
other hand
a traditional at least ae comp plan with
an ote
tied to a quota
how does this tie into salaries being
normalized across the country because
let's say you have a 250 kot for a
million dollar
quota just to keep it simple right does
it really matter whether in antarctica
or san francisco or pensacola florida
how does how does that make it more cost
effective if in a traditional ae com
structure
well i think there's um i'll i'll say
two things then i may not be answering
the question
directly so we make it okay two things
that do come to mind one is like how do
we do this
yeah and then the second is uh
some things that it unlocks for us that
we didn't necessarily have
uh previously so the first is how do we
do this
um we work with our people team and
and they have different cities and they
peg them based off of a tier and
it's all cost of living related and so
you mentioned if there is an
ae in san francisco with a 250 000
comp band what we do is uh if we're
hiring them
in uh denver it's a tier two city so we
look at the
the denver comp for 250 and sort of like
peg that to the san francisco rate and
it may come
down to let's just say 200. these are
illustrated and so then that's how you
structure their comp and it's a 50 50
split and so they they have the same
uh target um they're just making
money based off of where they live and
not uh
the the exact percentage of what they're
contributing to the company
so that's sort of how we we structure
the compensation
and then um in terms of some
doors that this opens for the the
business um
we've found that uh having humans
and we can say it's sales or we can just
say it's some form of support
but having humans focused on driving
behavior and specifically customer
acquisition or
product adoption that when we put humans
there
it has a huge impact and there becomes a
point where the cost doesn't support
putting humans on specific tasks yeah
because
it's too expensive picking up the phone
is the one that drives me nuts you got
to pick up the phone right
you do and if you're picking up the
phone and and paying somebody you know
ten dollars to pick up that phone
um they can only do so much to pick up
that phone there are certain activities
that they can do with that if you make
if you make it five
they can actually do a lot of different
activities and so what we're finding is
we expand outside into the united states
there's actually more things that we can
put
people on and then that that even
becomes
more exaggerated um and one of the
things that we're thinking about doing
this year is something like a
expansion into brazil where we have a
lot of uh
uh you know our founders from brazil
lots of employees are from brazil
and so if we can get a um office in
brazil that allows us to
um pay people based off of off of cost
of living there
the activities that those people can do
to drive
additional business it just opens up a
lot more to
us i love that i love i want to just
pick on
or follow up on one thing and then push
on one other but i love that you're
using the cost savings to invest more in
support and customers right uh because
it's not that's the biggest tragedy to
tech companies they
they pay so well they make so much
revenue but they can't afford to pick up
the phone they can't afford to have
humans
i think we've all learned we want more
cs don't we we want onboarding to be
better and easier and humans make it
better software alone can do it
and the fact that you're doing which i
implore anyone listening to this to do
which is
invest some of those savings in more
people to make your customers happy
right more people that do not have to
make six figure incomes prima donnas
that can actually make it that's about
the best investment you can make
even if your product's the easiest use
in the world right i'm a brex customer
i rarely need any help but i want help
in five seconds like if i have a problem
and i don't want to have to always
figure out the website right
maybe it's too specific an example but
this is magic for mps isn't it and
customer happiness is magic for
retention right
you nailed it i mean like everything you
just said totally nailed it we're doing
right now an exercise of a bunch of
people on our executive team we're
building what's called a flywheel
yes and um a big part of i'm sure
everybody's flywheel we haven't gone
over them yet is is sort of like
inspiring customer love
and um rather than maybe uh
taking the savings that you get by
hiring in a lower cost location and
putting those
you know towards like the bottom line of
the business instead if you can reinvest
that
in um things that benefit customers
that's a big part of what we're thinking
here with with what
uh going remote opens up for us
yeah funny story we're sam and i are
both investors in a company called
gorgeous which is sort of like a zendesk
free commerce it got a huge boost after
covenant
the last board meeting i love the whole
team but one of the sales leaders kind
of complained never complains i mean
he's great right but he said
how come now we have three times as many
people in cs as sales
i said well look what happened your time
to deployment went down
from from 30 days to one day and all
these cs folks they're not in the bay
area right they're in europe they're in
low-cost centers of europe and the rest
of the us
i'm saying that's that's where you
invest the money that's magic the fact
that you have three times as much cs as
sales
should warm your heart as a sales leader
right because that's going to be your
magic to getting your nrr up isn't it
you nailed so again as you're saying
sitting you're talking thinking about
this flywheel
and uh the investment in cs that you
just talked about to gorgeous it's going
to make the customer experience
so much better yes that's helpful to the
brand and that's helpful to the
reputation and that makes
selling easier and so the fact that they
are investing so much in cs and making
the product
the customer experience better it's
actually benefiting the sales team
yeah let's just finish that point we
could talk about forever but
people get this wrong if you if you have
cost-effective high-quality humans
that is the single best investment you
can make in software it's totally not
obvious right
but if you have folks that are cost
effective that can improve your there's
always gaps
there's always gaps from trial to
deployment to onboarding to renewal to
questions and
humans can feel those you'll never solve
all those gaps with software right even
zoom doesn't do it right you'll never
solve all of them with software
and you will have happier customers if
you put people
right at prop put people on problems
right it always works doesn't it
people on problems right the right
people
the right it has to be the right people
yeah there's nothing worse there's
nothing worse right but um
you'll almost never have a worse outcome
if you put somebody good on a problem
and say improve
improve the numbers here yeah very
seldom do they come back and they're
it actually got worse you put me on this
and and i made it worse
yeah all right let's just go back to one
last thing and then let's move forward
but i
cuz so many so many founders in
particular really try to work on their
sales comp plans
so let's talk about this denver versus
sf thing and sf is almost doesn't even
exist for brexit anymore okay
but we've had we've had salary
differentials since the dawn of time
right
since the federal government pays
different salaries no matter what
anybody says
big companies are never going to pay
everybody the same everywhere in the
globe at least the majority aren't
some will and more power to them but
most most of that's going to go away by
50 or 100 employees right so it's
nothing new
but where i get a little confused is
around accelerators and incentives okay
so let's imagine you have a rep in
denver versus sf
the 200 versus 250 ot in theory makes
sense
right in theory make sense because
normalize they're the same right
and let's say let's let's let's be
simple let's say the quote is 4x uh
let's say it's 800k right but if you get
into the bonus
if you get from instead of doing 800 you
do a million that's so valuable to the
company does the denver person not
keep as much of the extra 200 or do the
accelerators have to normalize
even if the bases are lower so i'll tell
you how we do it
yeah it it it doesn't mean that that's
the right way of doing it and maybe
maybe we could drive different behavior
by doing it differently or
it so certainly could be debated the way
that we do it though is
we believe that 200 000 in denver
feels like 250 thousand dollars again
these are illustrative i don't know that
these are the exact
numbers but 250 000 in san francisco
feels like 200 000
in denver in terms of cost of living and
in the the you know where you
where the the home that you're able to
uh rent with that and
you know food prices whatever else um
and so
when people over perform an extra 10
percent
is 10 on each of those so if somebody
gets an accelerator
at the 250 000 they may make 275.
and then and in denver they make um to
uh
220. um it's 10 of
what your your salary is um and not
necessarily the hard dollar value so
the person in san francisco that's over
performing they do receive more hard
dollars
but they receive the same percentage
increase i guess that makes it after
you know after costs and taxes it's the
same right or sort of right it makes
sense i
have to noodle on it because i like
things simple i don't like two folks
making
different amounts for the same activity
but in their hand it's logically
consistent right you're that way is the
simpler way to do it isn't it
well it's the same whether you're in
sales or anywhere else right like
um people in support they're they're
they're likely measured on
uh you know how many how many tasks they
can complete or
or whatever the the metric is and
we we should expect the person in denver
to complete the same number of tasks as
the person in san francisco and
the south is going to be different so um
it's universally applicable that you are
getting paid less
for producing the same depending on
where you're located
all right let's chat a little bit about
training and onboarding right and i'll
tell you where i get
i want to hear what you've learned to
improve training and onboarding in
general
like with the distributed team but first
let's talk about sdrs
right i find that entry-level sdr is
straight out of a
a two-year program or whatever i mean
we have trained them since the 18th
century by osmosis
right by by folks that have 7 000
questions a day turning around
rapid fire asking questions making
mistakes
um how do you how do you train these
folks over over zoom and slack how do
you how do you how do you make that work
it's so different than the past isn't it
this is uh when you and i you know
emailed about
chatting on this topic this is the group
of customers that came to mind or this
is the group of employees i'm sorry that
came to mind this is
for sales it's going to be sdr for other
departments i think it's just sort of
like your most junior employees the
entry-level stuff
right mark zuckerberg said those are the
ones that have to go back to the office
he said everyone else can work from home
but at facebook
the newbies have to come in right
totally and
and when so when covet first started and
then when we made the decision to go
remote
this was what was on my mind it was mine
because
i remember i joined uh echo sign in 2008
and i was shortly uh out of college
22 years old and just thinking back like
if i didn't have the forcing function of
needing to be in an office and sort of
like appearing there and i had a manager
that was sitting next to me
what would i have done with my days if i
woke up in the marina in san francisco
and you know maybe i'd gone out that
thursday night before what would friday
look like for me
um and i i so that was my big concern
and i think
um my thinking has evolved a little bit
and then we can get more tactical in
terms of what
what we should actually do i think he's
evolved a little bit
and accountability is less about sort of
showing up and
it's it's more about performance um and
so
uh that line of thinking
is incorrect now i've come to the
conclusion that
um that line of thinking that these
people they're not going to work
is not correct because i think what's
going to be motivating in what they'll
be accountable to
is hitting certain numbers and not
necessarily being in an office for a
certain period of time we've actually
found that to be true
um we haven't lost productivity uh
with this group of employees i mean the
question would be
best answered by uh ashley kelly who
who's our
director of sdr and maddie who who's one
of our sdr managers
um in terms of like tactically what
they're doing but i see a lot of
um a lot of times on calendars
where people are doing the same activity
and um if everybody's on the same page
let's say there's a prospecting block
for two hours in the morning
and you get everybody and maybe you're
even on a zoom call in the background
where people can sort of like unmute and
chime in hey has you ever seen this
before or
do you know how this product like this
system works or anything like that
but if everybody's doing the exact same
activity you've got a slack channel that
people can type in
you know successes celebrate those sorts
of things if you keep everybody doing
the same sort of thing for specific time
blocks
that seems to be uh something that's
really valuable
well that is a big change from the
classic throw a bunch of sdrs at
a random list or or right have
have structured blocks where everyone's
doing essentially the same thing at
those times
yorkshire day is the same yeah
structured days yeah and
um ideally you know there
should be a period of time and this may
differ by time zone but there should be
a period of time that cold calling is
the most effective
all right let's have our cold calling
block from you know
nine to 11 a.m i see get the whole team
together that's what we're doing from
911 we're doing our cold calling right
that's exactly right
get it get everybody rolling in the same
direction doing the same activities
and then a lot of what used to be
the the sort of like tap your neighbor
on the shoulder encourage
just a ton of communication whether it's
over zoom
over slack whatever the the sort of
medium is
it's just and reinforce that at the
leadership level
so lots of things like how's your day
going anything i can help with
and just sort of like constant
communication yeah necessarily have to
take place when you're in an office and
have you found i've only seen this
anecdotally i don't have the data but i
found
that for sales folks in particular true
of anybody but especially sales
and some extent marketing folks it's
much harder for the mediocre to hide now
right in the old days we're just driving
from the marina and hanging out in the
office got you 20
of your brownie points no one cares
anymore
for someone that shows up to the zoom
and smiles do they have you seen that
impact sort of like maybe the the
the like the just below mid pack group
have you seen them
stress out in this situation or have you
seen better performance from folks like
that or or is this
you've not seen this behavior i think
what i'm seeing which is
maybe related is in the office there
were a lot of
personal relationships that existed and
i think also a lot of
uh the shift to remote has
um i think more than ever made
the sort of perception of performance
very data driven um it's less exactly
right yeah
you you're so i'm in data
so much more and so much less going to
lunch with people
and developing these sort of like
personal relationships that can
make um performance evaluation far more
subjective
when you know somebody they're a great
person and like
you know you really like them and all of
these instead it's much more seeing how
people are stack ranking
and you don't get as much of that sort
of like one-on-one going to lunch now
there are advantages and disadvantages
of that but i think it does
shine a much brighter light on
the sort of like performance of people
because that's
that's all you're seeing unless the sort
of personal relationships that often
exist in the office so even at your
level at the top
you are you're finding that you're
judging folks even more quantitatively
than you did before
right definitely yeah i think that's the
thing there's always this persona of of
bob
who everyone likes in the office that's
not that great but he skates by
right because of his persona i find
bob's are not only not skating by
i'm i'm finding they're deeply
struggling now they're deep
because they're because their their
toolkit doesn't work anymore right
that's that's true um and
you know i think before oftentimes we
would bake in
excuses for bob like bob excuses for bob
endless everyone has an excuse for bob
right he always makes it two more
quarters than he should have doesn't he
he always lasts two more quarters than
he should
he's trying so hard he's such nice so
hard yeah he's in the office at 8 am
every day do you see that he's that he's
sitting
and so every day that that that more
time
that goes away and so um the other thing
and it's it's sort of related is
there are people who um and this is
maybe less true in sales
but it does exist that are less
comfortable sort of like asking for help
um they're just not they feel like
they're intruding or they're taking so
many time those types of people will
struggle more
and what but we all have even i have
some of that right um
what's your top learning how do you
encourage people to ask for more help
than they're used to
before the distributed days well i think
it's a
it's a two-way street yeah and what i
mean by that is uh
we have to encourage people to ask
um and say like you're you're not going
to be successful if you don't and
if you put it in terms of success and
failure
there aren't asterisks you know we
talked about this data that we're
looking at
it's people's performance there's not an
asterisk next to bob's name
that said bob reached out to his manager
a bunch this month's
month to get help to get to his number
yeah so
the numbers are the numbers and you put
yourself in a better in a better
position to be successful if you
do seek help so like we encourage that
that said it's a two-way street where we
need to tell bob to seek help
but we also have to to set bob up for
success
and create an environment where um help
finds its way to bob
um and it's it's more constant
communication it is more of the
proactive what can i help with anything
that you need
let's get on a quick even if it's just
like a five minute call i want to check
in and see how your day is going
yeah those sorts of things really make a
difference
all right there's i want there's two
more things i want to make sure we get
to before in a time but
curious your feedback the one thing i've
tried to do with folks to improve some
of this the questions and the onboarding
is and just curious your thoughts as a
leader is
much more shadowing so the new idea i
like is
for the first 30 days no employee has to
do anything but shadow
there is no quota there are no sales you
should not even do your own call you
will not get a lead
you are paired with sam or abigail
or jody in any role but but especially
sales and marketing and you're not
we're not expecting anything out of you
the first 30 days and all i want you to
do
is find and then if you're lucky you end
up with an inadvertent mentor
right and all you do for 30 days is you
join them and we're not and then on day
we'll be we'll then then let's talk
about new stuff
i really like that um and that's
actually a takeaway i'll probably you
know
on on my next sales leadership team
meeting there will be a
line item for a discussion topic jason
limpkin idea on
shadowing for the first 30 days we we do
a variation of that but i think i might
like yours better
yeah everybody everybody and this was
actually true in office too
everybody's assigned a onboarding
partner um
and that's somebody on their team likely
somebody that has been successful in the
role
that um they're in addition to their
manager
encouraged to sort of go to and and that
gives
um the the person currently in the role
also
it's helpful to to teach people um you
can learn a lot yourself and it's a
positive experience from a learning in
terms of like
you know leadership type roles um you
sort of pair
the success together i think there's
lots of like positive benefits
we don't do that though where we could
say
your job is just shadow this person for
30 days yeah
um what we do is this is your
your body or whatever we want to call it
and you two
need to you know meet twice a week and
there's like you know document that sort
of outlines that stuff
but uh it's less sophisticated than what
you just described which i kind of like
um there is one thing that we
that we do in addition that we haven't
done before
so we just added um in addition to
managers and in addition to these
buddies we now have
a team lead or a coach that is the top
performing
individual contributor on our team 25 of
his number is now tied to the
performance of the team
and um because of that it's now part of
his job
to join the calls of other reps on the
team
so we are adding just more support
than we never really needed to in the
office environment
it's a different point in the shadow but
i like this that's a good i like that
simple heuristic for
we all end up with a team lead right
they naturally gravitate around these
leaders that may not be ready to be the
manager of the director
right and tying 25 of their comp if they
want it to the team
it's just about the right ratio isn't it
it's just about the right to be their
number two
because then it's your number two job
isn't it yes and i think
totally and and one thing that was
happening before
is this person was already recognized as
the
the top rep because people see the
leaderboard right um
and so periodically especially newer aes
but periodically new rays and then maybe
sometimes in big deals
people would sort of like slack him and
be like hey you know quick question on
this account and i think
there was this um we talked about with
um
potentially people not seeking help but
i think that there was this like
am i taking too much of it his name's
bobby am i taking too much of bobby's
time
yeah um bobby bobby doesn't want to like
he's got his own stuff to worry about he
wants to be number one on the
leaderboard
am i pinging him too much um for help
and by delineating bobby as team lead
and tying 25 of his comp to
uh the performance of the team that's
now bobby's job
so like you're you're actually um
helping bobby do his job by pinging him
it's his job to join
it's a good point yeah and so uh that
that was an important distinction and by
the way we're
we're what's today the the fourth we're
four days into
this this experiment i like it i like it
i can't report on
uh results just we'll do this again and
we'll talk about the shadow a bit more
too
um all right two last ones because this
is great there's a lot i'd like to ask
you but
two last ones um one might be a big
topic but let's simplify which is have
you found now that you can recruit
anywhere at no resume have you been able
to build
a more diverse sales team out of this
um we have been able to i can say
definitively
we we are building a more geographically
diverse sales team um but have you been
able to take bias out of this
by by having a more technologically
focused recruiting process has it
benefited you in terms of overall
diversity if you've
found ways to leverage that yeah so so i
think where we
are continuing to have done well
and continue to do well and then i'll
talk a little bit about maybe a downside
of of
what the way that we do this also so um
we're
becoming far more diverse geographically
i think as you become more diverse
geographically
you inherently become more diverse with
sort of like thought
you know people in different parts of
the country they're different
they're different from one another so so
i think that adds
certainly um we've always been i would
say
good not great um on uh gender diversity
but we have uh several really amazing
women leaders in the sales organization
we can probably do a little bit better
with
our individual contributor hiring this
does open up
the the candidate pool so much wider
such that we now can be more thoughtful
about like
you know making sure we've got a ratio
that we're comfortable with um
where i think um and this is something
that
uh i've talked with you about i think
and certainly talked about in some of my
recruiting conversations
we do a lot of referral based hiring and
that remains
as pros and cons here right it has pros
and cons here right yeah
you get people to look a lot like who
you already have is the downside right
it's a big downside
we do um and it the the
the upside very much mitigates risk
way lower risk like order of magnitude
lower risk with referrals right
and there's all sorts of second order
things the person that makes the
referral
really takes that person under their
wing and makes sure that they're
successful because it's a reflection on
them and like all of these positive
i think um or not i think i'm pretty
certain
that it doesn't help diversity it it it
is classic
anti-diversity right the first time you
go to manage your school you
learn you have to stop hiring your
friends or no one else will they'll only
be like you right that's the problem
non-managers only hire their friends
that's who they bring in right that look
at
talk like them went to the same school
went to the last company right
that's true and so we we um we can do
better there
it's a tough trade-off right it's a
unique i think it's like promotions in a
perfect world you'd have 50 50.
you have 50 of your managers from within
and without right to get the best of
both worlds
and a perfect world half would be
referrals and then you would balance
that out with going even
further to make your team more diverse
right a
rough idea 50 50s are nice in these
things i i think
you're right and uh
again we we have solved for the risk
mitigation
historically um and and so uh this will
give us an opportunity i think more than
ever
uh to because again like the the
candidate population that we can hire
from today
just grew exponentially we had we had
offices in san francisco new york and
utah
that's a small percentage of the united
states we can hire anywhere
in the united states today and so that
just means that the
the candidates that we can hire from it
just grew exponentially and we can
then filter into the highest quality and
do a combination i think of
mitigating risk but also not just taking
from uh
referrals all right last question and
this may be more for your ecosystem and
and friends and peers right
but catch me up on where the topics will
the top executives work for a ceo based
anywhere today
i was skeptical for about six months
after covid i was skeptical that
a top cross cmo wouldn't wait wouldn't
look look i'll work from home
but after all this i want to be in the
office with with her with my boss right
and then about three or four months ago
i saw this fall apart and i saw
top folks that we knew start to take
jobs with companies in europe in
particular because i've worked with a
lot of european i'm like what
what you're joining a cmo for a company
based in norway or
london um is this temporary
can if i'm a ceo based in wherever in
the in the world
can i hire a sam blonde today i'll
i'll give my uh sort of like biased and
personal experience
perspective on this one so i suppose
it's a strong opinion it's loosely held
yeah so i i think it depends on the
stage of the company
and and what i mean by that is uh
there is so much value to having
the early team be in an office together
i think not just developing
relationships but also the like
you know eight o'clock at night
everybody's still in the office oh this
thing came up let's all jump in the room
and and whiteboard out like how we can
accelerate
you know next month's revenue twice as
much as we think we
we could before like what would we do
differently and i don't think those
types of conversations happen in a
remote world
where the executive team or whatever is
is fully distributed in an early stage
i think as companies get larger that
becomes
less relevant those types of things
don't happen as much anymore and so
um uh to answer your question directly i
i i do work for um ceos that are in
different locations and and may or may
not be
in different locations uh once once
we're done with cobit
and uh i would depending on the company
of
a company size um sort of like removing
myself from the
the situation i i uh i think people
the expectation is they will i i think
um we're in sort of a new world here
yeah and for larger companies they're
going to have distributed
uh executive teams but again i i i
if i were starting a company today um i
would want
that that first core group of people to
be
in an office together and you know maybe
it's just the first 12 to 18 months or
something like that but i just
it felt like there was so much value
that we gained
whether it was at brecks or at zenefits
or i'm sure you remember an echo sign
just by being able to pull people into
rooms and have
those ad hoc for sure well let me let me
just summarize it at the end and then
we'll break
um let me ask a specific scenario right
just for cross execs you know right and
folks you know
a five to six million ar sas company
doing really well okay growing triple
digits great product good customers
based in sweden based in italy
okay based in uh i don't know not paris
and france some other city
based in maybe even brazil um can they
hire bay area sas vps today like and
should they should they almost should
they should they not have any worries
and should they go for it
should they should they not be where
they can't hire the best folks that have
spun out of
sf tech companies what's your thinking
on that will folks you know go work for
those companies
so um i'll
i'll give a very switzerland answer i
think it depends
um but i think i think generally
speaking yes
if there is a really hot fast-growing
company that is um located outside the
united states i think that's fine
and yes um i think what what matters
more is
uh the quality of the team um the growth
of the business
and less where is the the founder
the two the founder or founders located
i i don't think that that is
you know sort of like at the top of the
priority list all of that said
there's some nuance in terms of like if
they're in italy and all the customers
in italy
does it make sense to hire somebody
leading sales in the united states no no
i'm assuming it's a global as a global
customer footprint right
assuming you know that yes i think like
um if customers and
um uh go to market is primarily
concentrated in the united states i
think it makes sense for both
both the company and uh the individual
to have somebody out of the us yeah
well thank you sam this was incredible
um i'm sure
we'll touch base on all this again in in
the coming months we'll have you at
another sastra event and we'll we'll dig
in a bit more but thanks again and
congratulations on everything
i can't wait and congratulations right
back to you it's been awesome to see
saster evolve over the course of the
last
uh you know 12 months now into uh
something bigger and better than it's
ever been so awesome to see you jason
and uh congratulations well